#211 fix accessing the node_master-file in pre-upgrade (#212)
cloudogu/cas: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Fixed

> - The pre-upgrade-script would try to access the node_master-file for all migrations [#211]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The pre-upgrade-script will no longer try to access the node_master-file for all migrations [#211]
```
